Docs fixmes (#194)
Herb-AI/Herb.jl: docs/src/install.md

Reviewer: Maybe we can even move the updated version of this to the main docs page and just delete this file. That'd be cleaner, I think

Author: I think having its own page is good, but it can be much shorter if we link Julia howto

Author: I reduced the file significantly, leaving only the redirect and a short script. The script has instructions for running it, and then I direct to Getting Started to understand the script.

Can you take a quick look and approve?

# Installation Guide

> Before installing Herb.jl, ensure that you have a running Julia distribution installed (Julia version 1.7 and above were tested). To install Julia, getting to know it, and seting up an IDE, see the sections bellow.

Reviewer: Let's switch this to link to https://modernjuliaworkflows.org/writing/#installation. They've already spent time putting together a lot of nice info, and it's more likely to stay up to date than ours will.

# Installation Guide

Before installing Herb.jl, ensure that you have a running Julia distribution installed (Julia version 1.7 and above were tested). 

> To install Julia, getting to know it, and seting up an IDE, see [MoJuWo](https://modernjuliaworkflows.org/writing/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on installing Julia, getting to know it, and setting up an IDE, see [Modern Julia Workflows](https://modernjuliaworkflows.org/writing/)
```

Author: done

Reviewer: I'm not seeing any new commits for some reason. Did you push the changes?

Author: forgot to commit, sorry

Pkg.add("Herb")
```

This will install all dependencies automatically.

> For later convenience we can also add the respective dependencies to our project, so that we do not have to write `Herb.HerbGrammar` every time.

Reviewer: This is out of date. Maybe something like:
```suggestion
The package `Herb` includes the subpackages `HerbCore`, `HerbGrammar`, `HerbConstraints, `HerbSearch`, and `HerbSpecification` as dependencies, and re-exports all of their exported types and functions. Including `Herb` should give you a "batteries-included" experience with everything you need to get started.
```

Author: done

And just like this you are done! Welcome to Herb.jl!

> ## Julia How-To

Reviewer: I've been meaning to replace this section with a link to something external like https://modernjuliaworkflows.org/writing/#installation

Author: done
